I
you need to
I'm so glad I pack at the front today
that's coming fast should we move our
cars there the part of the building we
just go
like it's not gonna take much
but look at it just coming fast
I came now they still can get their car
going yeah Oh
oh my goodness don't Oh mate don't don't
just let it go he's taking the air out
of his air out of his tires you should
do that it floats down it's two cars so
far
don't don't
oh this is a boy who's taken the dairy
Anna there's another one that is
unbelievable see if you can take it this
is no time for the fairer oh what a nice
car just the rest are gone yep oh my
goodness
hehe got these ones
Oh
something must be scrapped
at kasra all right at the father oh I'm
sorry
oh it's daebak look at that
where did it come from
oh that is horrible
know that the cameras turtle there's a
wheelie bin Oh
so this car might have been saved by
being pushed up I don't think you call
that save Maggie there's another one
long oh so he's gonna be sucked under
yeah
where's it come from so
but that would have been the car that
have popped up on the rock on the road
yeah so somebody had their cars here
that came all the cars in the other car
pocket gotta get it now
I don't think it'll be the handbrake
these ones they're gonna get they can't
they got to get through this whoa
Oh
it's not believing the pen unbelievable
so if you don't hear from me in the GaN
time or we've gone under well
unfortunately rain has stopped but there
could be some more kind of sense
many wait to see the photos they will
send them to everybody's business
yes
sorry your